Bed frames are good and setup was easy ,  but the slats are too far apart to use it without a box spring . $ If slats are more than 2 inches apart , it voids your mattress warranty. Now I have to buy more slats, which is not only a hassle but an added cost, just to make sure I can use this frame.
Seeing the highly rated reviews for this bed, I decided to go for it as it was well-priced too . I will try to make it simple with the pros and cons
Pros :
1 . Reasonable price - I bought it at $ 207 + tax and if you look at wayfair.ca , the similar bed ( search for Colby ) is $ 350 which has the exact design as this one. I believe they are made by same manufacturer but rebranded to sell at wayfair. Considering that, it is a great price.
2 . Sturdy - The bed doesn't squeak and is sturdy because of the metal frame ( has some cons will mention later ) .
3 . Installation was easy, took me an hour.
4 . Slats attach to frame using the two sided " grabs ". Don't know the exact name.
read the reviews before purchasing and thought, wow 55 + people raving about this. Got to buy it.
The pieces are all tucked neatly inside the headboard. It comes with all the tools you need to assemble. I wanted something I could do myself ( I do not ever build furniture) and it only took me 37 minutes from start to finish. The directions are very easy to understand the the hardware was very sturdy ( ie no stripped screws ). There is velcro that holds the slats in place.
My mattress is a bit higher than I would have liked as it takes away from the headboard, but it looks so great. You could store your millions of dollars in the back of the zippered headboard, too. I will definitely be buying more Zinus products in the future. Excellent quality for a great price. I paid $ 246 for a king . Buy it now , if its available that is !
UPDATE 29 SEPTEMBER 2018 : This bed is amazing. I moved houses with it, all the pieces fit nicely in the headboard and it was easy to set up again. I have a cat, and she hasn't made any claw marks - good craftsmanship. 5 stars all around!!
We really love this bed ! ! We got it in a king size as a platform for our new Douglas mattress ( foam mattress ) and I had concerns about it being sturdy and supportive enough with slats. It turns out, it's incredibly sturdy, the slats are quite close together and it looks really nice! Was super easy to build and came with all the tools we needed. My husband and I sleep on it comfortably with no creaking or issues !
( Shipping, now this is not the manufacturers fault , but I ordered on Amazon Prime, Feb 13 and I was to received it Feb 19 - 21 . I contacted them after the date and am told it’s sold out but I would get it as soon as it comes in. It was shipped overnight on March 1 and I received it March 2. Worth the wait ! )
This is one of the easiest reviews to write , and definitely one of the easiest 5 -  stars I've ever given. I read the other reviews on here , and WOW , were they right. It is insane how good the quality is on this bed for this price, and even more so on how well put together the bed is. IKEA should definitely look at how Zinus designed this bed, its incredible how well thought out everything was and just how painless it was to put together.
Unlike an IKEA bed I replaced, this bed is SOLID. Nothing wobbles , no extra parts , it's fantastic . I still can't believe the price , but I'm now looking at other products by Zinus I might get for my apartment.
Would definitely buy again .
